
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:

CSE 6332, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q0, Summer 2023   (c) DL, UTA, 2023

INFORMATIONAL


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please send the link, raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.
     Please demo each part once, initially, if we have more time we will review again, if requested.
     The majority of credit will be for applications deployed on the cloud.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")
    The cloud provider is MS Azure.

 5. Upload all data files (*jpg and *csv, not this quiz) to the cloud service.
  
QUIZ QUESTIONS

Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:


 10. Show a web page and interface (which resides on the cloud provider) with your name as it appears on your ID card 
     as well as your the last 5 digits of your student ID in large font at the top of every web page dispayed (for this quiz)
     On the first page show either the picture cat.jpg or your picture below your name and ID number.

 11. Through a web interface (page), allow user to give a teln and you will show the name, descript and   
     picture on a web page.

 12. Through a web interface (page), allow user to give a room number range, and you show the corresponding
     matching names, descript and pictures (or show "no information or picture available").

 13. (Web) Allow a user to give a name and a new descript for that name.

 14. Show us, in a link, the application running and we will try it out. Only for parts 10, 11, 12, 13. (and Bonus)

 15. Bonus, allow a user to add a new user, delete a user, or modify any attribute of an existing user (by name)  

 16. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

